I spent some time on this the last few days.  I forked the repo and made a number of changes.  I customized it a little for me, but it should still be useful to others.  If there's interest I can try to make it even more generic, or do a "pull request" back to @schwark 's repo.  My repo is here https://github.com/jeabraham/smartthings-hunterdouglasplatinum/commits/master

I created a device type called platinum-gateway-shade-silhouette, that shows up as a "window shade" rather than a "switch", so you can "open" it and "close" it, rather than toggling it between "on" and "off". It also has a shade icon :) I also added another slider to this, which can be used to set the vanes on Silhouette or Nantucket shades.  I'm not sure whether this would cause any problems with other shades, or just be non-functional if you have a different model of shade.  I'm not happy yet with the UI tile layout, so will probably keep tweaking it. I reversed the main slider so that the top (100%) is fully open, since I like to slide up on the slider on my phone to move the blinds physically up. 

My code now uses this new shade type when creating new devices in SmartThings.  You will have to comment out one line of code (and uncomment out the adjacent line of code) to use the original platinum-gateway-shade-switch type. (If this is problematic, the code could inspect a variable reported by the bridge for the "room" to identify whether the shades are actually silhouette or Nantucket, device type 10, or ask the user to specify if their shade has vanes on setup. But, I don't think the extra slider will cause a problem for non-vaned shades.)

I added all the documentation I could find into a folder called "docs", including the instructions that came with the gateway, some experiments I did with telnet, and, most importantly,  the mi casa verde source code. The mi casa verde code has a bunch of features, like auto-discover IP address, support for other types of shades, waiting for acknowledgement from the gateway before queueing more commands, setting the date/time on the gateway, etc. etc.  It looks fantastic, but I certainly don't need all that functionality for myself. How many people are even using this integration?  

I reorganized the folders, so that each device handler has a file name that matches the device/smartapp name, and is in a folder that matches the name. With this organization, the IDE's GitHub integration actually works.  You shouldn't have to copy-and-paste source code if you use my GitHub repo. 

The "main" and "details" tile organization was not wrapped in the metadata, but was dangling, although it didn't seem to cause a problem.  I fixed it. 

A remaining limitation is the need to generate an output.txt file, and host it somewhere, so that the app can find it.  This is a very clever workaround, but, it seems like there must be a way to retrieve the configuration directly from the gateway.  It's just a telnet to the gateway, type $dat, and grab the results.  It seems obvious that @schwark spent hours and hours and hours trying to get this working before bailing into the workaround.  I feel his pain, and don't want to endure the same pain.  So, unless someone is confident they can telnet in, execute $dat, and process the response, we should just live with this.  

But, a bug that should probably be fixed is if a scene or a blind changes in your definition, it can't seem to delete the old one and add the new one.  It generates an error about the Device Network Id being duplicate.  I think in these cases it should be updating the device, not creating a new one.  If it's creating a new one, it should delete the old one, and or use a randomly generated ID instead of "PLATINUMGATEWAYSHADE03".  If your scenes or shades don't show up, check your live logging for an error.  If you see a duplicate ID error, perhaps delete your scenes and shades. They will get recreated within 5 minutes from your output.txt file if they are gone.   

I'm pretty happy with where it is now.  My wife says I shouldn't stay up to 2AM working on it again tonight.  Much thanks to @schwark and everyone who has contributed to this.  Let me know if you find it useful.  Again, the big advantages are:

* the vane control for Nantucket or Silhouette shades; 
* the proper github<->ide integration; and
*  that it's a "window shade" now, not a "switch", so instead of "on" meaning "closed" and "off" meaning "open", it uses open and close/closed. 
